>> Mike North: Here's one step better.
It's iOS-specific, but
you can install things,
I believe that you can install Xamarin.
If you have Windows, they have tools that
will allow you to spin something similar
up, where you get an iOS simulator.
And this is a brilliant emulated iPhone,
right down to emulating
the architecture of the CPU.
This is closer to a virtual
machine than anything else.
This is great because it lets you test
something that we don't really have
a means for
testing in desktop world, right?
And if we think about Chrome that runs
an Android, most Android browsers
are Chrome-based, even Samsung's browser,
it has a Chrome core.
Those are pretty similar to
desktop Chrome, more or less.
In many ways, mobile Safari is very
dissimilar from desktop Safari.
So this is sort of something that's
easy to install, it comes with Xcode.
And one of the convenient things you get
is local host, as you can see up here.
That's gonna to point to your laptop,
not to the simulator itself.
So it's not looping back into the device,
it's looping back to your machine.
So you could fire this up and
put it in localhost, and
you can see our app running here.
But, so it lets us test a blind spot,
if you will,
the ability to see what
mobile Safari does.
In some versions of iOS, there
are actually two JavaScript runtimes.
There is the one that works
in Safari like this, and
then in some versions of iOS when
we add to home screen, that is
a completely separate JavaScript runtime
that behaves a little bit differently.
So there are these two kind a blind spots
that this gives us the ability to poke
around in.
Additionally, it is really easy
to connect Safari to this thing.
So if you enable the develop menu,
which is in the Safari,
desktop Safari preferences, you will see
that if a simulator is fired up like this,
you can connect to it under
the simulator option here.
And furthermore, if you have an iOS device
connected to your laptop with a cable,
with your charging cable,
you'll see those devices pop up
in this develop menu as well.
And then you can proceed to kind of do
the same things that you would do in dev
tools.
Here I'm hovering around in
the elements tree, and you can see that
that is highlighted on the left side,
just as you'd expect in Chrome.
This is really, really powerful.
You could set a debugger in there for
user breakpoint and
figure out what's going wrong,
what is this iOS Safari thing?
That doesn't seem to be
happening on Chrome.
>> Mike North: And so there's really
no excuse for not using this,
you should have this installed,
you should be using it.
It lets you do things like add to home
screen, making sure that that flow works
completely, making sure
that subtle differences,
like the height of your app,
when there's an address bar here,
versus no address bar,
versus the battery bar being there.
It's really, there's no substitute for
doing it this way,
short of an actual device.